So let's go ahead and have a look at how we can apply windows to the previous example.
Jumping back into the workspace,
let's go ahead and modify the previous demonstration.
So again, remember that we have a group_by, purchase.currency.
We're keeping track of by currency the total amount of value we've seen.
Now we need to go ahead and actually add to our table definition.
We need to add a tumbling window.
So to do this,
we're simply going to pass in a time Delta.
We'll go ahead and give it a time Delta of 30 seconds.
I'll make it a little easier for us to see the time Delta expiring,
or excuse me, to see the window expiring.
Now that we've defined our tumbling window,
we're ready to actually run our application.
So let's go ahead and do that.
Now you'll notice when the application starts to print,
that it's not going to print exactly what we'd expect,
and that's because we've changed this to be a windowed table.
You'll see it's going to print out a window set for the actual value. That's this.
Why is it printing a window set instead of actually printing the value?
Well, that's because under the covers,
Faust is actually doing some windowing itself to actually track the value.
So when you go to access what the value is,
Faust actually has to do some work to determine what you want it to give back to you.
So to do that, we're simply just going to pass in the current function.
Now you can learn more about printing values
with these functions by actually going to the documentation and learning more about it.
Now I'll provide a link to this in your exercise,
but for now we're simply going to use current.
So let's go ahead and run our application one more time.
So you can see now that we're seeing actual values print out.
Now we define the time window of about 30 seconds.
So we're just going to wait a little while and see these numbers reset.
So you'll notice these numbers just continued to go up and up and up and up.
But after that 30-second tumbling window expires,
we should see them simply reset.
So we're going to wait here just a moment.
You can see it looks like those numbers have reset and they're starting to go back up.
All right. So that's all there is to it.